annot: Harshly boil potatoes and sweet potatoes for 5-7 minutes
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] potatoes (-1), sweet potatoes (-1)
[PP, other, for] 5-7 minutes (-1)
annot: heat some oil in a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: cook chopped onions in it
ACTID: 2
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] chopped onions (-1)
[PP, food, in] it (1)
annot: Give a further chop on the cooked onions
ACTID: 3
PRED: give
[DOBJ, other] a further chop (-1)
[PP, food, on] the cooked onions (2)
annot: Shred the potatoes and sweet potatoes to a bowl
ACTID: 4
PRED: shred
[DOBJ, food] the potatoes (0), sweet potatoes (0)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: add the cooked onions
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked onions (3)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: season with garlic salt, black pepper and chilli powder
ACTID: 6
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, food, with] garlic salt (-1), black pepper (-1), chilli powder (-1)
annot: Give a good mix to combine them
ACTID: 7
PRED: give
[DOBJ, food] a good mix to combine them (6)
annot: Shape the mixture into small patty
ACTID: 8
PRED: shape
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (7)
[PP, other, into] small patty (-1)
annot: fry in a pan with some oil
ACTID: 9
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, food, in] a pan with some oil (-1)